Boy, didn’t you say you wanted to find him?
Why didn't you see what happened to you?
No, it's my turn for them,
I've seen the cheeky one, but I haven't seen you yet,
So shameless.
I think your family doesn't do anything, and I don't want to tell you.
Get out first, boy,
I'm still here to protect you, and I'll personally come to drive you away.
That's all to give you a huge favor.
Heaven still protects death, even if it is removed,
I'm too afraid to pass through. What are you talking about, kid?
Are you kidding, except,
That was the hard work of the Wan family.
All I want is a dance outside
You obviously still dare to say this?
Why don't you dare to be good after it comes out?
I think you are still keeping your temper today
Just go to the special business shop
Please explain what you said to me.
Today is my Wanjia Wanshang Conference
Just one day away
Not far away
Questioning you
Giving birth to treasure is immoral
Above the head of the family
natural sky and sea
Go straight and take over this time
Don't invite an important person to the stage
Of course, is it okay to go on stage like this?
Time is lost, it’s true that the one who comes is here to invite you
I'll take the stage a little bit